WHAT DOES IT guys and what can I say now in this video we're going to be working up with the animation.
OK.
This is so important because you have to add some animation to add some to your website so you can see
that if I just come here.
DV basically adds some of the effects in the any nation.
Because if I just go down you can see this is not coming.
It go down.
And then this appears OK then this appears not disappears.
This appears so I'm going to go down you can see everything is OK.
Everything is coming.
This is not appearing.
It appears here
so I want to basically design it like this.
That how it should be looking so amazing.
So what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to come here to enable the visual Bilour
don't Freestore I'm going to go down and here I want to add these animations so I want to first of all
add the animation to the slider.
OK.
Otherwise I would not recommend you to add any animation to here to the slider because this slider comes
to the top so don't you don't have to add any mission right here.
But let's add the animation to our services section so I'm going to go to that design right here.
I'm going to go to the animation and you can see that it's going to appear like this fade.
You can also move with the slide the bounce the zoom the flip the fold the real OK.
So don't use the roll OK because it looks so much cheap it can go with the fold and you can also go
with the flip.
OK.
It can also go with feet as well.
So I think it looks cool.
You can also increase the animation duration like it would be two seconds.
It is 200 milliseconds or two thousand milli said it takes seconds.
This means that it will load in two seconds.
It will basically appear you can see if I just decrease it and increase it.
You can see it is taking two seconds to load properly and any mission repeat is loop.
If I just a little bit you can see it blink blink blink.
So if I just change it to one milliseconds to see the magic
so you can also create it.
You can also do it.
OK.
So you can do that pretty well.
But I want to make it at once because I don't want anything like this.
OK.
And then we have them go down.
We can also delay that how much milliseconds you want to delay to that it for the home and comes here
then.
This should be appearing so you can also delete.
It totally depends upon you.
The animation starting opacity should be zero percent tonight and any to 100 percent.
So if I just add it you can see
this is how it is feeding.
OK so you can change that as well.
So if you just make it 100 percent you can see there is no effect because the starting capacity is just
100 percent how it's going to show the effect.
So you can pretty well change it or you can change it that how you want it to be will be going up it
you're a person here.
And 950 millisecond from here.
I'm going to go down.
And here we already have these right here so you can also change how you want it to be.
If you just come here and then you click the gear icon.
You go to the design you go to any missions you can see this is you can select it to be like a top icon
to bottom.
So this is like you can also make it fade.
This is this is referring to the full.
So you can also do it like this.
OK.
Top to bottom so you can just go to left to right.
So this is the image icon.
Any mention of the full not the full animation to make sure that you add it to.
You can also set it to no animation if you don't want to add any information.
You can also go to right to left or since this is right here so I wanted to just come here to top to
bottom so that it comes to the top to bottom.
And let's just come here.
Let's just work this one right here and let's go.
This one should be from this side to this side.
So this is the left side too right.
So I'm going to go to the design right here.
I want to go to discovery here and it should be left to right.
This comes from the site and this one should be from Ed Dunbar.
And this one should be from right to left ok cool let's just save it.
Let's come here and let's see this piece as well.
So now I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to open up my website and let's see how this is going to
look.
You guys are going to love it.
OK.
Let's get him here let's see it.
Let's go down.
You can see this is coming from the left.
This is coming from Bob and this is coming from right.
So this is how you can pretty well make these animations.
OK.
I go down I go down.
And here we have this right here.
So we have to work on this since this is a call to action and it needs the animation to get users in
interactive.
OK I'm going to come here I'm going to go down in here we have you here.
You can also make the four two from this should be coming from left to the right.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to click here here and here should be the design right here.
Let's get to the animation and slide.
So it's going to slide from left Sorry the right way the animation duration can be 750.
Henry Gore seemed like this.
Have to apply this to hold X right here.
So
you can also do one thing you can just you know this is not the whole role.
OK.
You have to do it to every three setting so you have to go to the design right here you have to go to
the animation you have to slide it and the lighting should be from the right.
This is coming to this camera here and we have two iterations that duration can be 900 make sure that
you choose to for every single thing right here.
I'm going to select a divider here is like this.
Let's get to the design and let's get to the animation.
Let's go move on to make it slide and then we have this one.
OK.
And then this should be great.
So this is also coming.
You can also make it to 900 and it.
So I guess we have to apply to disburden right here.
I'm going to go do that design right here.
And this burden is going to be three.
I want to come here and this here is animation so it is also going to slide.
So it is sliding from right direction is right.
So I'm going to change it to 900 ok cool.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to click here so you can see how this is looking like this I want
to apply to decide right here if I go to the design I go to the animation and this is going to slide
from the left to to the left.
OK I can see how this is looking.
I'm going to change it to 900 to come here and let's save it let's go here and let's save it.
So now let's go ahead and let's have a look at it.
Say refresh
and here we go.
If I just go down you can see how this is looking how this is looking.
I go down and this is how it is looking so you can also pretty well delay it a bit to that the user
reach a in a direction.
And then he sees that.
So you can just come here you can go to the design right here and then you can go to the animation and
you can delay it for like 500 milliseconds or 300 milliseconds.
It's like this Gary here he's slick design they go down and then you slide it to be three hundred milliseconds
want to add this to.
But and right here design animation and delays should be three.
Henry OK.
So Mike this we have to come here we have to go to design right here and then we have to go to the animation
and then we have to delay it for 300 milliseconds.
Same save it said 300 milliseconds is like.
You divide 1 seconds into three two three.
OK.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to rephrase this.
So let's go to the top page let's come here and let's refresh.
Here we go we go down.
This is coming.
We go down.
This is coming like this.
We go down and this is coming amazingly OK so you can pretty well delay it more if you want to let me
go down.
You can see this is coming and everything.
So you can pretty well do these animations to every type of websites that you create.
Make sure that you do not add so much bone see effects and bad and bad.
And the rolling effect is not added to not at all.
Guys I'm telling you once again to not to not make your votes look cheap.
OK.
Make sure make sure that you have your say.
Decent.
OK.
So here we go.
Everything looks cool.
Now we have to do the mobile optimization.
You can pretty well add it to both the pages and then you can work with it.
So now we have to work with the mobile optimization and we will be doing that in the next video so stadium
guys and by.